fix(driver): add support for alias.all when using dynamic alias (#28352)
cypress-io/cypress: cli/CHANGELOG.md

- When artifacts are uploaded to the Cypress Cloud, the duration of each upload will be displayed in the console. Addresses [#28237](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/28237).

**Bugfixes:**

> - Fixed an issue getting a dynamic route alias using .all. Addresses [#25448](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/25448)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue getting a dynamic route alias using `@alias.all`. Addresses [#25448](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/25448)
```

> - Fixed an issue getting a dynamic route alias using `@alias.all`. Addresses [#25448](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/25448)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where [aliasing individual requests](https://docs.cypress.io/api/commands/intercept#Aliasing-individual-requests) with `cy.intercept()` led to an error when retrieving all of the aliases with `cy.get(@alias.all)` . Addresses [#25448](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/25448)
```

something a bit more insightful to the bug is needed

**Misc:**

- Browser tabs and windows other than the Cypress tab are now closed between tests in Chromium-based browsers. Addressed in [#28204](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/28204).

> - Cypress now ensures the main browser tab is active before running each command in Chromium-based browsers. Addressed in [#28334](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/28334).

Reviewer 3: Oops 😅 Thanks!

Author: haha! You're welcome. Thought I'd fix it while I was in there. Been there before
